README.md, before:

# Material Components for Slint Node.js Template

A template for a Node.js Application using Slint with [material components](https://github.com/slint-ui/material-components). Based on the material gallery. 

## About

This template helps you get started developing a JavaScript application with Slint as a toolkit
for the user interface and the material component set. It demonstrates the integration between the `.slint`
UI markup and JavaScript code, how to react to callbacks, get and set properties, and use of all available
material components for Slint.

## Disclaimer

The material components are currently available as a technical preview. Some components are still missing and changes to the api
are possible. We will inform as soon as the component set is read for release.

## Usage

We recommend using an IDE for development, along with our [LSP-based IDE integration for `.slint` files](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/blob/master/tools/lsp/README.md). You can also load this project directly in [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) and install our [Slint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Slint.slint).

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/release/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/).
2. Clone this repository

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/slint-ui/material-nodejs-template.git my-project
   cd my-project
   ```

## Run your application on desktop

1. Install dependencies:

    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

2. Run the application:

    ```sh
    npm  start
    ```

## Next Steps

We hope that this template helps you get started, and that you enjoy exploring making user interfaces with Slint. To learn more
about the Slint APIs and the `.slint` markup language, check out our [online documentation](https://slint.dev/docs). Check out
also the [material components documentation](https://material.slint.dev/overview/)

Don't forget to replace the contents of this readme with your own project details. As well as dit the `name =` field in `package.json` to match the name of your
project.

Commit message:

Replace instructions for cloning with zip archive download, like for C++

README.md, after:

# Material Components for Slint Node.js Template

A template for a Node.js Application using Slint with [material components](https://github.com/slint-ui/material-components). Based on the material gallery. 

## About

This template helps you get started developing a JavaScript application with Slint as a toolkit
for the user interface and the material component set. It demonstrates the integration between the `.slint`
UI markup and JavaScript code, how to react to callbacks, get and set properties, and use of all available
material components for Slint.

## Disclaimer

The material components are currently available as a technical preview. Some components are still missing and changes to the api
are possible. We will inform as soon as the component set is read for release.

## Usage

We recommend using an IDE for development, along with our [LSP-based IDE integration for `.slint` files](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/blob/master/tools/lsp/README.md). You can also load this project directly in [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) and install our [Slint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Slint.slint).

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/release/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/).
2. Download and extract the [ZIP archive of this repository](https://github.com/slint-ui/material-nodejs-template/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).
3. Rename the extracted directory and change into it:
    ```sh
    mv material-nodejs-template-master my-project
    cd my-project
    ```

## Run your application on desktop

1. Install dependencies:

    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

2. Run the application:

    ```sh
    npm  start
    ```

## Next Steps

We hope that this template helps you get started, and that you enjoy exploring making user interfaces with Slint. To learn more
about the Slint APIs and the `.slint` markup language, check out our [online documentation](https://slint.dev/docs). Check out
also the [material components documentation](https://material.slint.dev/overview/)

Don't forget to replace the contents of this readme with your own project details. As well as dit the `name =` field in `package.json` to match the name of your
project.
